---
date: March 28, 2023
image: a9b43fbb-8658-438c-af0c-8f322fe1b3b9.png
subtitle: The Battle for the Republican Presidential Nomination Heats Up
title: The Trump vs. DeSantis Feud
trending_metric: 6.057539682539683
---
# The Trump vs. DeSantis Feud
### The Battle for the Republican Presidential Nomination Heats Up
#### March 28, 2023

## Introduction
The battle for the Republican presidential nomination in 2024 is heating up, with former President Donald Trump and Florida Governor Ron DeSantis trading barbs. Trump has been attacking DeSantis at his rallies, while DeSantis has been responding in interviews. The feud has been the talk of the political world, with many wondering who will come out on top.

According to The New Abnormal, DeSantis is banking on a few things to win the 2024 presidency. He is hoping that his handling of the COVID-19 pandemic in Florida will be seen as a success, and that his conservative policies will appeal to the Republican base. However, there are concerns that DeSantis may not be as popular among the rest of the country as he is in Florida.

## The Sides
The sides in this feud are clear: on one side is Donald Trump, the former President and leader of the Republican Party. On the other side is Ron DeSantis, the Governor of Florida and a rising star in the party.

The Buzz is that the feud is getting ugly, with Trump attacking DeSantis at his rallies and DeSantis responding in interviews. There are concerns that this feud could hurt the Republican Party's chances in 2024, as it could lead to a divided base.

## What People Are Saying
- "Trump rally crowd eerily quiet as he acts out Ron DeSantis crying and begging for his help." - The Young Turks
- "DeSantis vs. Trump when it comes to taking cultural risks and being charismatic." - The Megyn Kelly Show
- "Ron DeSantis adopted the position that supporting Ukraine is not a vital U.S. interest, bringing him into alignment with former President Trump and signaling a strong lean towards isolationism in the 2024 Republican field." - The Lawfare Podcast
- "Trump rips DeSantis for Piers Morgan interview." - The Clay Travis and Buck Sexton Show
- "Ron DeSantis gives an interview to Piers Morgan in which he opens up on his criticisms of Donald Trump." - The Ben Shapiro Show

It remains to be seen who will come out on top in this feud, but one thing is clear: the battle for the Republican presidential nomination in 2024 is shaping up to be a contentious one.

This article was generated by an AI based on the occasionally absurd things people say in podcasts. This article should be treated as raw data and verified by the reader.